so today's video is going to be a
tutorial for the slock and this is kind
of my quick and easy i see is holiday it
kind of look really simple just adding
some glitter and white it's really easy
also these kind of bright holiday lips
too so if you guys want to know how to
do it than just stay tuned and here's
the tutorial ok so to start off this I
like the first thing you want to do is
just apply a light cream shadow all over
your lid and I'm just using milk jumbo
eye shadow punch I just go ahead and say
that all over my eyelid this is just
going to be a nice sticky base for the
white eyeshadow and this is going to
also go over it under my eye as well you
have to use a brush just to kind of lund
it oh that's time or you can just use
your finger if you have small fingers ok
so then once that's on the next thing
you want to do is just to go over that
with the white eyeshadow i just used a
big fluffy brush this is a sigma large
fluffy song and i just use taco from
sugar pal just a white eyeshadow i'm at
like eye shadow 2 and this is just going
to go all over that and just to set that
way then the next thing to do is just
literally like the easiest look ever is
to just take some like white glitter or
like silver glitter event the white
glitter is really cool dog the house
like all different colors in it this is
one from LA cosmetics but it's called
sparkling crystal janna or something but
it's just like a white glitter has all
kinds of random colors it up so
basically what i do is just the oldest
trick that I've been on my channel if
you've been on my channel you know what
this is i'm just taking an old crappy
glitter liner that doesn't have good
payoff if you were to just seize up and
i'm just spreading this all over the lid
just up to my crease
and then what I do is I just take my
finger and go into the glitter that I
want and just press that right on top
and then that just applies the glitter
you can take any kind of brush and clean
off any fallout from your face and then
once that's done all i did was apply
like several coats of mascara so that my
eyelashes look kind of long spidery and
kind of crazy we could put box I'll a
if you want but I kind of like just
the open I look and then I also just
went and I put a white eyeliner just on
my waterline just keep it with the whole
white theme and applied mascara on the
bottom lashes as well so the once the
eyes were done and that really just
opens up everything and it's nice and
bright the next thing to do is your brow
because that's really going to kind of
make everything look more graphic and
not so like you're just pasting blows so
I'm just taking just whatever color
going to use for my eyebrows and you can
head and fill them in a little bit
stronger than normal ok so then for
cheeks i'm just going to use a cream
blush just add a little bit of sort of
contour levels i'm using this dark kind
of berry color just like a synthetic
fluffy brush getting a little bit of
color on that and i'm going to put that
kind of weight where my contour is a
little bit onto my cheeks okay so then
it for the lips i'm going to use a bunch
of different colors going to make like a
red look for the holidays because i
think that it's going to go really nice
with this so first i'm going to use a
vintage lip tar from OCC okay so I kind
of just over do my lips just a little
bit because I up and then I just
overdo them so ignore that so then once
that lip tars on on top just to add a
little bit more shine i'm going to be
using this this is candy apple the glass
from lime crime just a gorgeous red lip
gloss now I don't like lip lip gloss
that much myself but this is something
that I would whip out in the holidays
okay so then once the lips are done that
is kind of the final look just some like
really icy eyes and bright lips this is
really fun to for new years we wanted to
do it for New Year's any sort of
Christmas party I have a Christmas
pretty ago i'm going to am I wear this
actually um so I do hope you guys use it
for something and if you happen to use
it this please leave it as a video
response I'd love to see it and until my
next video I'll talk to you soon